we have here and it is that for the bun to have been
pronounced
[Music]
the things on the front
I want to move controlling but yes it
is true that it is chronic no what is
happening well what happens is that I
trust that as the
years go by and how young I am because I am 36
years old this month in a month I turn 37 you are
going to congratulate me you will remember
August 25th okay well I trust that
I will know a cure or something close to the
cure not
changing the subject
changing the subject family
what do you say about this then from then on to
tell the whole truth mom I can't take it
anymore
this one comes I sit in the one from Lugo to tell the whole truth
mom I can't take it
anymore this one comes I sit in the one from Lugo to
tell the whole truth
[Laughter]
mom I can't take it anymore
this one comes I sit in the one from
contact the truth no I can't take it anymore I
was repressing myself I was repressing myself you
know but look there it is that I can't take it
anymore for
nothing for nothing I said this a month ago
for nothing I said that about leave it  want
was the first contact
of Anamaría's daughter on TV
EFE but I love the embarrassment no mom I
can't I can't take it anymore now so I'm going to
find save me mom I can't take it anymore I won't keep quiet anymore I wo
n't keep quiet now when am I
going to go I had no thought of IU but
now I'm going to go this seems
wonderful to me between quotes very between
quotes but this seems brutal
brutal okay let's see the thread that
our dear puts I see that he was
talking to me privately and I imagine that it
will be
to share me the thread
yes yes I have it open here I have it I have it
what they send me I have it he doesn't
send me anything else that also let's see
now how bad don statements to
save me about Anamaría's separation
the don okay
mom I can take it anymore intricate
that made sense to me Emilio mom I can't take it
anymore I'm here now now now heated up
and tense a lot the rope it's time to talk
now they finally called me I've been
looking for him for a few months now I don't
care what he wants
this is salva
maldonado
but please
[Music] I would
like the relationship because of course this is going to
revolutionize the issue a lot.
This is going to revolutionize the issue a lot.
[Music]
When they start opening
Pandora's box, what's going to happen is that in the
end, that
secret that almost no one wants to tell will surely come out, about
why they kicked this girl out.
Also, I don't know if Gema and her partner
lived on a farm that they had on loan,
not because of Ortega Cano, and that there was something, according to what
Salvame says, very serious and unforgivable,
very strong, that she doesn't even dare to
reveal, because of what Ortega Cano said
right here
and that more things come out,
more things come out, for example what
Antonio Rock said, but he said that he had
seen the messages that he had never
sent to Gloria Camila and that they were
even reportable.
Negatively, the marriage, the
family,
me,
and this is a and those that the US basically
so that to put them in context of
how the last few months have been regarding
how this girl has behaved,
shortly, not only on social media, it will
continue shortly,
although Gema Jaison de  luxe ave
kg my iphone deluxe let's
see on
the 13th
that Gema Jason de Luz on his day
of course I've seen the photos on Google
when you search when you search the mall
where the photos appear it
's true there are photos of her that she's in
one of Lulo happens that I thought that the
best thing was to be able to when I was
defending her on a reality show you know but
I'm talking let's see just what was said I'm going to
see it here right now
I wanted it to be about defending the
mother on the reality show you know that it wouldn't get
into
[Music]
route no
go hemeroteca has this here you just
have to this this you have to put it in a
folder in me because this the day
we want the shaman or something doesn't even know
where you are you know this I'm going to
download all the clips from your
twitter and I'm going to put it in a folder
folder Gema to Don Rocío Carrasco
documentary I don't know what he understands we're
not going to lose we're talking about 13 over
here
to say 12 I've already passed where is
14 the Ebro doesn't come out for me
because it doesn't come out
13 I do
n't know no  I understand the program goes out to see
what it's looking for for
Ortega Cano father
okay I put it on the fixed
reading
connection in what it has with Ortega
not to abandon that medication Ortega Cano
at some point has stopped
caring about you in an
emotional way in an economic way in he
has always been with you always
always we will continue medically at no
time has he left me helpless or
financially when they have to
help me or maybe he has called her
look what's going on this he has always been
supporting me well
look like this because I have so much
respect and so much affection only because he
gave me my brother who is the most
beautiful thing in the world your mother of course but you
know what happens
maybe it's not going to happen maybe it will come we'll
see well maybe he doesn't make
contradictory statements to this
because maybe it's going to
extend Gloria Camila yes it's
true that man if you have affection for
Ortega Cano you don't have [ __ ] Gloria
Camila understands me why are you going to
hurt Ortega Cano
but of course what she will hold on to is that she's not going to, she's
not going to  to attack ortega cano maybe maybe the
best I don't know maybe if he
attacks him it's not clear because all this in
suite or we would need look these are
bills okay they are bills look at
people for the money look
at the grave it is
a fact it is a clear reference look
okay the doll running for the money
okay I do
n't know if he will have put something more than my
dad being a dim shine all the time
well it is a declaration of intentions
on the part of now he walks very clear
enough with his parents attentive to this thread you
see how gemma to the don lies without
hesitation using his daughter
carito shares it by direct message
on instagram or a video of sálvame de
luxe in which gemalto speaks well of
ortega gloria and rocío flores you can
see it here okay
but this video is here in its entirety you have to
see it in its entirety in its entirety I am not going to
watch it but he says that he speaks well of rocío
flores he
says
the newspaper archive is there and it is a video of
gemma in sálvame speaking well of
ortega gloria and rocío flores okay
carito asks him what harm he has done to her
Rocio Flores shows her mother the
video as proof that she spoke well of
Ortega Cano Gloria Camila Erosion Flores they
politely comment that Anna Maria is
starting to be criticized for being public
and asks her to talk about herself and her family
to see what the message is when a person
exposes themselves publicly they pull the thread of
their past if you want to talk about money
talk about your life about the life of your partner
which will be very interesting
okay
and this is the answer I left Maldona
Carito I leave the complete previous capture
so you can see that it is not manipulated and
that she answers that bestiality without having been
disrespected or insulted
okay I
mean look what brings life what
gives her a face
look what gives her a face that she was a
follower of the channel left here I don't know
why she got angry and left here but
look what gives her a face and how she
responds okay [ __ ] for you and for the
blue tide the one that beats
their mothers to death always Rosa
okay
okay and then
last night the twitterer such remember this
episode there
is that evil 2 attacking Rocio Flores I
hope  that the
collaborators take this out okay and this tour turns out and we
comment on it we comment on it says
gema to the don responded to this capture
saying basically they told me that the
blue tide would look for me to beat me
up and something about my daughter too so
I disrespected us if they didn't
disrespect me before and especially not with my
girl and it's a lie we
just read the
full conversation and it's a lie of course let's be that's why you
support Rocío Carrasco
yes yes Fuchsia Tide but anyway of course I know it's a
lie
in a lie I have those messages because the one you
spoke to was me and she doesn't
disrespect you at any time and you
tell me that about Rocío Flores stop lying
that I have the
full conversation in a lie I
mean the full conversation is this one they
are simply telling her hey
the newspaper archive is here talk
about your life but also stop talking
about brothers now if you have spoken badly
spoken well now
what is the point of them speaking badly now you know and it
turns out that she answers directly
[ __ ] for you and for the blue tide the one
that beats her mother to death heart
heart always pink
always pink it's not that they are looking for the
save me and know where you have to throw host tremendous lie caught tremendous anger caught tremendous lie caught dad ah and it's that we don't have to lie god we don't have to lie it's that lies have very short legs and we have already discovered this on this channel
many people many many
times but many minds many
people my words or not
in fact already alone but in a second
we'll see why you make
something up
don't answer it will go to the people don't answer
hirata but why do you make something up that they
were telling you that the blue tide was going to
look for you and not to stay your daughter and that he
was threatening to buy you a beating
but relatives make it up
because you see here the credibility that
you have they have
just been caught
[Music]